Anna Scott, PhD, MBA – Intel Chief Edge Architect, US Public Sector

Anna Scott has been a technical specialist in Intel’s US Sales Public Sector team since February 2019. She is focused on how edge compute and 5G can be leveraged for improved business and government outcomes. She joined Intel in July 2015 as an Energy Solution Architect where she worked in a variety of IOT related projects including connected worker, predictive maintenance, wellhead automation, and refinery automation.

She has spent 15 years in the oil refining business and 8 years in life sciences.  Most recently she was the engineering manager of a small, privately held refinery, Big West Oil LLC in Utah.  She started her career as a process engineer at Flint Hills Resources (Koch Industries) and then transitioned to UOP LLC, the premier developer of new technologies for refineries and petrochemical complexes in the world.  At UOP LLC, Anna had roles in engineering and field operating services where she assisted in starting-up new processing units in refineries in the USA, Europe and Asia.

Anna left UOP LLC to get her Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Utah and to cofound a BioTech company (Glycosan BioSystems, now merged with BioTime) that makes a semi-synthetic matrix used for 3D cell culture and tissue engineering.  She worked as the Operations Manager for over two years, where she developed and produced their first products and managed research relationships with multiple universities.  Anna has a BS in Chemical Engineering from the University of Kansas, Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Utah, Executive MBA from the University of Utah, and was a Postdoctoral Fellow at RIKEN Genomic Sciences Center in Yokohama, Japan.
