---
layout: posts
title: "Generative AI in Higher Education (Revisited)"
number: 180
permalink: episode-EDT180-en
has_children: false
lang: en
nav_exclude: true
parent: Episodes
grand_parent: English
nav_order: 180
tags:
    - embracingdigitaltransformation
    - darrenpulsipher
    - lauranewey
    - generativeai
    - aiineducation
    - educationtransformation
    - teachingexperience
    - aiinclassroom
    - moderneducationdynamics
    - criticalthinkingskills
    - digitaltransformation
    - resistanceagainstai
    - traditionalteaching
    - incoorporatingai
    - ineducationalcurriculums
    - innovationandeducation
    - ethicalusageofai
    - academicintegrity

date: Thu Jan 11 2024 00:00:00 GMT-0800 (Pacific Standard Time)
guests:
    - Laura Newey
    - Darren W Pulsipher

img: thumbnail.jpg
image: thumbnail.jpg
summary: "In this week's episode of Embracing Digital Transformation, Darren Pulsipher interviews guest speaker Laura Newey about her fascinating journey through the critically emerging world of Generative AI, particularly in the education sector. Covering the transformation of her teaching experience and enriching her students' learning outcomes through AI, she extensively analyzed adapting to modern education dynamics."
video: "https://youtu.be/yOmmAZR7GtI"
description: "In this week's episode of Embracing Digital Transformation, Darren Pulsipher interviews guest speaker Laura Newey about her fascinating journey through the critically emerging world of Generative AI, particularly in the education sector. Covering the transformation of her teaching experience and enriching her students' learning outcomes through AI, she extensively analyzed adapting to modern education dynamics."
---

<div>
{% include transistor.html id="8f5fb1d0" title="#180 Generative AI in Higher Education (Revisited)" %}

{% include youtube.html id="yOmmAZR7GtI" %}
</div>

---

## How Generative A.I. Enhances the Classroom Experience

Generative AI is rapidly weaving into educational curriculums, impacting how educators approach teaching and fundamentally enhancing the learning experience. According to Newey, this much-debated technology is not merely a form of plagiarism but a brilliant tool that augments and revitalizes educational methodologies. Encouraging students to use A.I. in thinking tasks, she emphasizes fostering and harvesting critical thinking skills in our breakneck digitizing society.

Rather than lingering as passive participants, she advocates for students to become active players, analyzing the results generated by AI and considering the quality and substance of their input information. The shift underlines the importance of understanding, research, and analysis over mere result generation.

## Transition From Traditional Teaching 

Newey's progressive approach dramatically diverges from the conventional methods that most educators cling onto, especially considering general resistance towards integrating Generative A.I. in educational settings. However, she emphasizes the inevitability and necessity of adopting digitalization for the overall advantage of students.

Comparing this transition with the initial resistance to utilizing the internet as a teaching tool indicates where we stand today. Generative AI, like any other evolving technology, necessitates incorporation within the curriculum and demands regular updates for relevance in this fast-paced digital landscape.

## Balancing Innovation and Ethics

With progression and innovation, Newey also addresses the ethical considerations inherent to this change. She shares several instances where students, unknowingly or subtly, submitted AI-generated essays. Thus, she emphasizes educators' need to vigilantly balance technological embracement and ethical usage.

She firmly believes that students can use A.I. as a productive tool, but the responsibility also falls upon educators to guide them toward maintaining academic integrity simultaneously.

## Conclusion: Paving the Way Towards an A.I. Enhanced Education System

The incorporation of Generative AI in education, while met with resistance, is a profound indication of the shifting educational landscape. As Newey illustrates, successful integration of AI in education can significantly enhance learning experiences and the development of essential skills, securing our students' readiness for a future shaped by digital transformation.



<details>
<summary> Podcast Transcript </summary>

<p></p>

</details>
